Medium or large slimes that die on magma blocks become magma cubes.
The attic of taverns have treasure fit for an adventurer.
Slimes can spawn anywhere during rain.
Iron rods break blocks when pushed by pistons.
Sneak right clicking a door or trap door opens just that door.
Your corpse becomes a skeleton after 20 minutes.
Lapis is valuable in crafting enchantments.
You can put cannons on your ships.
Everybody gets their own in Loot Chests.
The Ender Watcher emits a redstone signal when you look at it.
Dispensers can place blocks.
The Feeding Trough can automatically feed your animals.
Gravisand can switch its gravity upon receiving a redstone signal.
Dispensers can insert and swap discs when pointed at a Jukebox.
Gold Buttons turn on for half a second, while Iron Buttons turn on for 5 seconds.
Only Players can activate an Obsidian Pressure Plate.
Sturdy Stone cannot be pushed by pistons.
You can press Caps Lock to auto-walk.
Press F12 to enter Screenshot Camera Mode.
Wool shuts up minecarts.
Press Z to swap hotbars.
Press Shift + Left-Click on an item in your inventory to show it off in chat.
Foxhounds can be tamed with Coal.
When a Skeleton kills a Spider, an Ambience Disc is dropped.
Parrots will rarely start to lay an egg when fed Beetroot Seeds.
Torch arrows place torches where the arrows land.
Press K to lock block rotation to where you're facing.
Banners can have letters and numbers on them through the Loom.
Skeleton, Zombie, Forgotten, and Creeper heads placed on the side of a note block makes it emit the mob's sound.
Sneak + Right-Click on a tamed dog to pet it!
Pigs have litters of piglets, not just one offspring.
A baby animal fed a poison potato will never grow into an adult.
A special indicator will show up on your crosshair when you can do reach-around placing.
Right-Clicking a Scaffold with a block will place it at the end of the Scaffold chain.
Signs are editable!
If a named Snow Golem is killed by a Witch, a player head of its name is dropped.
Horses can swim!
Villagers follow emeralds in their blind greed.
Magnets can push or pull blocks or items made of Iron or Copper. The red side pushes, the blue side pulls.
The Turn Table spins blocks or entities. It spins faster the stronger the receiving redstone signal is.
Presents are a secure way to give things to other players!
Sugar Cubes dissolve in water.
Planters can grow plants or crops without water.
Hanging Signs can display text, an item, or a banner pattern.
You can draw on Blackboards with Quartz, Coal, or Chalk.
Gold Doors are like Wooden Doors but can be locked with redstone signal.
Flint Blocks will spark nearby flammable blocks when an iron block moves next to it.
Right-Clicking a Sign Post with a Compass will make it point to wherever the compass is pointing.
A Pulley filled with ropes rotated by a Turn Table will either extend or retract ropes downward.
Screenshots are copied to your clipboard when you take them!
Compasses show your coordinates and the cardinal direction you're facing.
Do you keep dying? Just don't get hit!
Press C to Crawl and Y to Toggle Sit.
Backpacks are awesome.
Bedrock is actually mineable, you're just not patient enough.
Watch out for misinformation in these tips. Make sure to verify everything said here.
Don't blow up your friend's house.
Make sure your villager prison is comforting to them.
Just try going to the nether, I dare ya!
Enderman are real friendly creatures. Always make sure to look them in eye when you say hi!
Herobrine is not real.
Lapis is essential in crafting some enchantments.
Gold Tools come with Silk Touch.
Turtle Shells give you just over 1 minute of respiration.
Gold Helmets come with Aqua Affinity.
Leather Boots come with Feather Falling III.
Gold Boots come with Depth Strider II.
Pillagers won't stop spawning at Pillager Outposts unless you remove all dirt, grass, and sand blocks in the area and light it up.
Don't bring a Bad Omen upon a Village unless you're prepared for a fight.
Note Blocks play different sound depending on what's under them.
Lava is dangerous.
Remember to dig straight down!
Pretty much all nether resources are obtainable in the overworld.
You should really get around to folding that pile of laundry.
Don't forget to use EMI!
Many recipes have been added or changed. Make sure to press U or R to check for an item's uses or recipe respectively
Spare no one.
Don't be stupid.
Remember to engage in jolly cooperation!
Pillagers are actually the good guys
You can make Glass variants with the Stone Cutter.